Can information about the acquisition channel give us information about how much students will learn? For example, are Twitter (X) groups more or less likely to study than those from Instagram? Or are students from the US more likely to have heard about us through friends or social media?
With this analysis, our goal is to understand if there is a relationship between different groups of customers based on information we have about them. Moreover, this analysis will group all existing members and give us insights into trends, such as overall groups from different sources. This can inform the marketing team and provide insights into where to invest more resources during marketing campaigns.
Before you start coding, make sure you examine the data set provided. It’s a CSV based on 365's database, where we’ve combined information from an onboarding survey, student engagement data, and the customer lifetime value. You’re responsible for employing a clustering algorithm to determine how this data can be meaningfully segmented into different groups. 

Data Loading and Exploration: Load the customer dataset from a CSV file. Perform an initial exploration of the data to understand the features available, their data types, and the dataset’s structure.
Data Cleaning and Preprocessing: Handle any missing or null values in the dataset appropriately. You will notice that one of the variables has some missing values, namely the minutes watched column. Most likely, these null values correspond to people who've entered the program, but have not seen any content. That's why it's most appropriate, instead of removing them from the dataset, to fill those missing values with zeroes instead. 
Feature Engineering: Create dummy variables for categorical features if required. Analyze the correlation between different dataset variables and eliminate any redundant features.To obtain the same results, you must create dummies for the country regions and the survey answers. Remove the original survey answers column to avoid issues during the next part of the project. But leave the country region’s original column in the data.
Data Visualization and Correlation Analysis: Use appropriate data visualization techniques to understand patterns and relationships within the data. Conduct a correlation analysis to gain insights into how different features relate. Additionaly, you can also create a Heatmap of the correlations of the variables. Optionally, a scatter plot using 'CLV' and 'minutes watched' can offer additional clarity. Even though it's not a direct segmentation step, it helps in understanding the spread and interrelation of the data.
